README.md, before:

# Moon Racoons - Team for Open Innovative Challenge Hackathon

# Problem Statement

Ever since the pandemic, all educational institutes and other education systems have started functioning remotely.
This is usually okay for short time interval, but because of the limited control over COVID 19 pandemic, these institute would be closed in the foreseeable future.

So, children in every country are almost immobile, to the extent that causes serious health issues and diseases such as **Venous Thrombosis**, **Bedsores**, **Muscle Atrophy**, **Movement Disorders**... etc, which are highly dangerous and common diseasos among children.

# Solution

- We proposes a platform for Yogo Competition, where children would be able to compete among other children.

- Our system would have the knowledge of what a correct yoga pose looks like.

- Using state of the art pose estimation models in deap learning, our system would detect poses of children, and compared them with the correct poses.

- Bases on the comparisons, we would provide full analysis report of how well each child has performed.

- And finally we'll conclude the winner of each competition.

Commit message:

added perks and fixed type

README.md, after:

# Moon Racoons - Team for Open Innovative Challenge Hackathon

# Problem Statement

Ever since the pandemic, all educational institutes and other education systems have started functioning remotely.
This is usually okay for short time interval, but because of the limited control over COVID 19 pandemic, these institute would be closed in the foreseeable future.

So, children in every country are almost immobile, to the extent that causes serious health issues and diseases such as **Venous Thrombosis**, **Bedsores**, **Muscle Atrophy**, **Movement Disorders**... etc, which are highly dangerous and common diseasos among children.

# Solution

- We proposes a platform for Yoga Competition, where children would be able to compete among other children.

- Our system would have the knowledge of what a correct yoga pose looks like.

- Using state of the art pose estimation and classification models in deap learning, our system would detect features through poses of children, and compared them with the correct poses.

- Bases on the comparisons, we would provide full analysis report of how well each child has performed.

- And finally we'll conclude the winner of the competition.

- After a certain days, our system would also provide temporal analysis of how the overall performance has improved or affected for each child.

# Perks

- To make the platform more engaging and charming for kids, the app would allow the kids to form their groups and then compete.
- Based on the performance of all the members of each group, the winning group would be announced.

    -> **This will also encourage team work amoung children.**

- The competition could be extended over more than one day as a competition period... so each group would compete daily.
- And the winning group will be announced after the competition period is over.

    -> **This will also encourage consistency in hard work.**
